[Music]
all right be honest in a roomful of
people do you tend to hide in the corner
blend into the wallpaper maybe even
sneak under the rug yeah me too
but hey cheer up even the shyest people
can use certain psychological techniques
that will persuade others to listen to
them these ideas can also help you to
make a good first impression improve
your communication skills and attract
attention why if you expect that someone
might disagree with your opinion
take a seat not across from this person
but next to them such a position is
perceived as less antagonistic and your
opponent won't feel threatened this way
they're more likely to consider your
point of view too if you feel that
awkward silence between you and a person
you want to get along with is stretching
for too long ask them a question about
their life even the shyest and most
reserved people love talking about
themselves after that they'll feel
obliged to ask you a question in return
and the conversation will flow 3 when
you meet someone for the first time pay
attention to their eye color you don't
need to remember it or anything but this
action will give you the perfect amount
of eye contact eye contact is a crucial
part of any social interaction but how
long it lasts is even more important not
enough and you look under thee and
shifting too much and it's outright
creepy and uncomfortable
[Music]
[Applause]
for it's amazing how much more
persuasive you'll sound if you say that
your mom or dad gave you this or that
information most people respect their
parents and believe their words
wholeheartedly that's why if you say you
heard something from your parents others
will subconsciously take it more
seriously five the best way to make
people think about some idea is to
repeat it again and again if your goal
is to give your opinion on something
keep mentioning it in several contexts
or you can keep repeating it throughout
the conversation every time with a
different expression sooner or later
your companion will start to perceive
this idea as their own because their
brain will label it as an already
familiar one six if a person hasn't
answered your question completely or
hasn't agreed with your point of view
yet keep silent after they finish
talking silence is uncomfortable for
many people and it's a sure way to make
people proceed 7 if you feel a person
dislikes you ask them for something
insignificant to borrow for example a
book you know they have it will create
some kind of a reluctant connection
between you two when you return the book
you're likely to share your opinion with
its owner and the most likely warm up to
you number eight to help people in your
social environment to trust you at
mature unimportant mistakes to others
people will perceive you as an honest
person who isn't afraid to show their
vulnerable side every once in a while
this will eventually work for your
benefit for example people will be more
likely to listen to your opinion in a
dispute 9 if you need a person to do
something for you ask them to do you a
bigger favor first
after rejecting something more difficult
people are more likely to accept a more
easy looking request which is exactly
what you need 10 you can also give a
person two options at the same time one
should be the favor you need and the
other a task that's more difficult to
fulfill
by doing it you'll make your actual
request look like a piece of cake and a
person will agree to it with enthusiasm
11 if you tend to immediately forget the
names of people who are being introduced
to you after you get to know someone's
name use it a couple of times right away
for one thing it'll help you to
reinforce the name in your mind bless
the person you're talking to will take
to you immediately people like hearing
their names because it makes them feel
important which they are well people
like it when you listen to them
attentively a good way to show that
you're paying attention is to rephrase
what they just said it'll prove that you
understand and care 13 when you're new
in a group tell a funny and I do mean
funny story to see people's reaction
those who are close tend to look at each
other while laughing that's how you can
understand the connections between
people 14 a rather well-known way to
build rapport is to mirror somebody's
body language but what most people don't
know is that it has to be done subtly do
not repeat your companions gestures
you're supposed to only assume a similar
overall body posture for example if a
person you're talking to keeps a
distance and has their arms crossed well
they aren't likely to be happy with you
standing too close and using open arm
gestures in this case you should act in
a more reserved way 15 when a person
tells you something you don't agree with
don't object immediately say something
along the lines of I see what you mean
and then add your own opinion but have
you ever considered fill in the blank
this way you'll be able to express your
point of view without being opposed or
interrupted 16 after finishing your
speech during a meeting or negotiations
look people in the eye and wait in
silence a determined look always affects
how other people perceive your words if
you lose eye contact during these
intense moments you will look confident
anymore and people will lose interest
after of a
short-time 17 if you're going on a first
date and want it to be a success it's
something exciting into the mix the
hormones released when people are
excited surprised or even frightened
helped to create stronger bonds 18
enthusiasm is contagious that's why if
you need people to accept your idea get
as enthusiastic and excited about it as
possible when people see this kind of
emotion most of them can't but feel the
same 19 if you don't feel comfortable
meeting new people or talking in front
of an audience
trick your brain into believing that you
do once you start acting as if you don't
feel anxious your brain will have
nothing to do but adjust if anxiety is
still there pretend that you know all
those people you're going to meet it'll
help you feel more at ease 20 another
unexpected way to calm your nerves
is to chew gum the human brain is wired
in a funny way it believes that when you
eat you're safe now don't take me wrong
I don't encourage you to chew on a piece
of gum during an interview or meeting
but it's a good way to ease your anxiety
while you're waiting 21 when meeting
people it's crucial to give a good
handshake not crushing but also not too
weak and definitely no sweaty palms few
people know though that cold hands make
a bad first impression as well your hand
should be comfortably warm if they
aren't have a quick bathroom trip and
keep your hands under warm water for
several minutes 22 if you need someone
to agree with you nod your head while
you're speaking your companion is likely
to subconsciously mirror you and start
nodding in response
it'll trick their brain into believing
that they agree with what you say 23 if
you want someone to make a particular
choice provide them with a list of at
least three options with the one you
need them to pick being the last people
are more likely to choose the last item
on the list because it's the freshest in
their mind 24 use the halo effect to
make people like you that's a
psychological phenomenon
when a good impression of a person is
influenced by some other impressions or
memories for example you're in a job
interview try to figure out what you and
the interviewer have in common let's say
you're both Lego fans
strike up a discussion with the newest
products released by the company and
you'll feel how your interviewer warms
up towards you 25 if someone's trying to
interrupt you by talking loudly over you
don't stop keep speaking the real trick
is not to raise your voice keep it
exactly the same as before the person
who tried to interrupt you will soon
feel awkward and fall silent 26 be as
direct with what you want from people as
possible if you use the phrase I need
you to people will believe that you have
the authority to request something even
if you don't and if you want to play the
full authority card say we need this and
that to happen hey where do they sell
those full authority cards I'd like to
buy one now it's your turn if you
learned something new today then give
the video a like and share it with a
friend and here are some other videos I
think you'll enjoy just click to the
left or right and remember stay on the
bright side of life
[Music]